hey people john from fast films and
today we're covering a 2016 american
horror movie called cabin fever the
movie starts with a man hunting a rabbit
for his dog
when the forest dweller hermit returns
to his dog named pancakes he finds that
his dog is dead
the dog has some kind of skin disease
and there's blood all over the place and
some of it splatters onto the man too
next we see a group of friends traveling
in a jeep to a remote hilly area for a
holiday
they have rented a cabin in the woods
for a week-long vacation
there are five people in the car a
couple jeff and marcy are sitting in the
front and karen burt and paul behind on
their way to the cabin the group stops
at pretty's general store to shop for
supplies
there's a kid sitting on a bench outside
the shop wearing a creepy rabbit mask
paul goes ahead and greets him the kid
dennis suddenly bites his hand and it
starts bleeding his father comes out
instantly and scolds dennis he then
suggests to paul that he should wash his
hands while jeff and the child's father
argue over the incident
the group wanders around and looks
through some of the jars placed on the
porch while paul washes his hand from a
hose
bert goes to the store to buy some beer
the owner appears on the porch and warns
them about a skin disease known as lyme
disease he tells them to be careful
around the woods as a group of hikers
got pretty sick last week
the kid's father tommy comes out yelling
at bert for stealing a snickers bar from
his store
all of them quickly get in the jeep and
drive away karen uses the first aid box
to patch up paul's hand soon they arrive
at the cabin alongside a lake the kids
explore the cabin and find out there's
no wi-fi or reception of any kind
meanwhile jeff and marcy go up the
stairs and find a bedroom paul goes out
of the cabin to look at the lake when
bert comes out holding an assault rifle
he wanted to practice his video gaming
skills so he bought a rifle for the
vacation
while checking out the rifle bird
accidentally shoots his rifle but misses
paul
bert then lights up a campfire and goes
into the forest to catch something to
eat
meanwhile karen is taking pictures at
the lake and trying to post them on
social media when paul approaches her
they both then go swimming in the lake
after swimming they lay on a piece of
wood floating in the lake
as bert ventures into the woods to
practice his weapon skills he encounters
the hermit and shoots him
he has some kind of disease and his skin
is bloody he asks for help but bert gets
scared and runs back to the cabin
when he gets back he doesn't talk much
to marcy and jeff and goes inside at
night the friends are sitting around a
campfire and sharing stories when a
stranger with a dog comes around and
introduces himself as grim
he calls his dog dr mambo he has a bag
of weed with him which he promises to
share with everyone if they become
friendly to him
they all have to leave the campfire as
the rain is about to start
while at the cabin the friends are
sitting in the lounge having fun when
the door knocks
jeff opens up to see the hermit guy with
bloody skin asking for help
the guy recognizes bird in the cabin he
gets scared that they'll all get sick
bert immediately closes the door and
refuses to help the man gets into the
jeep and locks the doors he starts to
vomit blood all over the car bert shoots
the car tire in order to scare the guy
out and paul smashes the windows marcy
throws gasoline onto the guy and he
starts screaming his belly skin has
holes in it and is eaten up by the
disease
jeff gets a log of wood from the
fireplace and lights the guy on fire
the burning man runs away screaming at
the top of his lungs after the horrible
incident the group establishes that it
was all in self-defense
karen suggests they should tell the
police about it they decide to fix the
car in the morning and then report the
accident
the next morning the guys are discussing
their plan when they start arguing
they all blame each other for damaging
the car marcy gets mad and goes to get
help alone she takes the boat out into
the lake meanwhile at the house karen is
in great distress about last night paul
tries to comfort her and offers her a
glass of tap water she drinks the water
and calms down bird and jeff walk a few
miles to search for any means of help
when they reach a house
they check the warehouse of the place
and find an old woman cutting a pig in
half
the pig is rotten and sick from the
inside the woman starts to complain
about it to bert and jeff they ask the
woman for help she agrees to help them
and invites them into her house inside
the house the woman offers them a glass
of water and asks about what happened to
their car
they explain that some crazy hermit guy
tried to attack them so they scared him
off the woman shows them a picture of
her cousin henry and asks if it was him
jeff and bert recognize him in panic
they lie to her and leave the house at
once marcy gets back from the lake and
rejoins jeff and bert while at the cabin
paul looks out the window and finds a
police car outside deputy winston puts a
gun to paul's face and scares him she
investigates the party they had last
night and wants to talk about the
incident
paul explains that some guy with a
disease attacks them karen comes out of
the house to ask if everything's alright
deputy winston sends her back inside she
then heads back and advises paul to
continue having the party after the
deputy is gone bert and paul start
cleaning the car with wet towels
paul doesn't think winston will report
them while washing the car grimm's dog
appears behind bert marcy comes out with
the rifle in her hands and scares the
dog away she hands back the rifle to
bert after that the group discusses
their next steps they decide to tell the
deputy the truth and get out of this
place as soon as they can
karen feels nauseous and goes to her
room after a bit paul follows her and
finds her laying on the bed
karen invites her to the bed and they
both lay down there
outside the cabin bert is fixing the car
tire and jeff is holding the rifle when
the same dog makes an appearance again
jeff shots at dr mambo but it doesn't
even flinch meanwhile inside the cabin
paul and karen are snuggling paul
caresses her hair and she smiles paul
moves his hand down to her legs when
karen starts squirming and stops paul
he takes his hand out and it has blood
all over it they remove the blanket and
see that karen's legs are all covered in
blood and have a skin disease
paul calls for help the whole group
gathers and is shocked to see the
disease on karen's legs fearing the
chance of disease spreading bert panics
and gets everyone out of the room he
locks karen inside and assures her that
they'll get help soon
after that they all search each other
for any signs of possible infection
the four of them argue whether they
should quarantine karen or not they
place a mattress inside the shed and
promise her that one of them will be at
the door all the time
paul gets tired of waiting so he leaves
the group to search for help
jeff hands him a flashlight in the woods
paul starts to look for any signs of
life paul hears the growling sounds of
the dog and starts shouting at the dog
meanwhile marcy brings a plate of food
and offers it to karen
she asks marcy to be left alone while
searching for people paul comes across a
minivan and peeks through the side
window a woman holding a shotgun comes
from behind and questions paul while
he's looking inside the van
paul is startled and breathlessly tries
to explain why he is here a man in
underwear comes out of the van they
scare paul away after a while paul comes
back to the shed he and bert go back
inside the cabin outside the shed we see
a flashing light of a camera taking
pictures of inside while in the house
marcy has made dinner but nobody's in a
mood to eat the friends start to coral
and jeff claims that any of them could
have the disease
burt drinks a glass of water and paul
put some sense into them
they all agree that they shouldn't be
fighting amongst themselves paul glances
out the window and sees the dog outside
dr mambo's legs are all covered in blood
and it has a hungry look inside its eyes
the dog goes for the boat sheds door and
starts barking up the door
then suddenly the dog disappears the
group gets out of the house to search
for the dog
there are bloody claw marks on the door
of the shed bert knocks on the door but
karen doesn't respond they keep
searching for the dog the next morning
marcy and paul go to check up on karen
when they open the door they see her all
covered in blood with rotten skin
bert fixes the car's engine and starts
it up marcy and paul get karen up to get
her in the car while bert starts to
cough blood
jeff refuses to get in the car with
karen karen also starts coughing blood
and sprays some of it on jeff
the group started to argue again burke
closes the jeep door and drives away to
get help alone
jeff comes back to the cabin to wash his
face and drinks tap water he decides to
leave the cabin and live somewhere in
the woods away from the disease until
help arrives he takes a pack of beers
with him paul cleans the cabin and
throws away the contaminated clothes
into the lake
after all the chaos marcy and paul are
left alone in the cabin
marcy is scared that they will all die
here paul hugs her to comfort her
meanwhile bert arrives back at the
pretties general store and asks tommy
for help he goes inside to call a doctor
when dennis bites bert's hand as well
tommy comes outside and gets mad at bert
for infecting his child too
he calls finster to fetch a gun finster
comes with a shotgun in hand bert gets
in the car and runs away the old man
advises tommy to kill all of the
infected people to stop the spread of
the disease
bayley goes to get the truck next we see
karen barely breathing and gasping for
air when paul brings her a glass of
water meanwhile on the road tommy along
with bailey and finster starts following
burt's jeep
at the house paul comes to marcy's room
and sees her scarred back he decides to
find jeff and leave the cabin on foot on
the contrary bert is in trouble as tommy
is trying to ram his jeep while bailey
shoots at it
bert runs out of fuel and leaves the
vehicle to run into the woods
marcy decides to take a bath and clean
herself the scars on her back started to
ooze blood out of them
her skin is also infected by now paul
goes by the lake to search for jeff
suddenly the burning man from the first
night appears out of the lake and grabs
paul's legs
the hermit tries to drown him but paul
successfully breaks free and gets out of
the lake he figures out that the virus
is in the lake meanwhile bird is running
away from the shooters in the woods
to throw them off the track bert leaves
a fake trail for them to follow he then
heads for the cabin marcy all covered in
blood gets out of the house
she gets down to the ground and calls
jeff for help when dr mambo appears
the dog barks at marcy then rushes
toward her and tears her body to pieces
paul hearing her cries comes back to the
cabin he finds blood all over the place
with bits and remains of marcy
everywhere
he then hears karen screams coming from
the boat shed he gets the rifle and
opens the door to the shed and sees the
dog eating away at karen's arm
he shoots and kills the dog karen begs
paul to kill her as well paul gathers
the courage to finish off a friend when
the gun jams up he then picks up a
shovel and hits karen really hard on the
neck
she doesn't die he picks up a can of
gasoline and throws fuel at her
karen screams while tightly holding on
to her cell phone he then lights up a
flare and sets fire to karen after
coming out of the shed paul sees bird
behind him on the floor
bert tries to warn him about the guys
from the store when suddenly tommy comes
from behind and shoots bird in the skull
paul immediately takes out his rifle and
turns the safety off he then shoots all
of them and kills them in one single
swoop
paul then finds the jeep in the truck on
the road and takes the truck to get help
on his way he takes a look at his hand
he has gotten the disease as well he
panics and hits the truck into a tree he
gets out of the vehicle suddenly there's
a spark and the truck blows up paul
walks and finds winston partying in the
woods with two other people he confronts
her as to why she didn't send help
yesterday winston's radio starts
speaking and there's news from the
sheriff's department about the incident
at the cabin
the sheriff orders her to shoot and kill
any outsiders on site she takes out her
gun and points it at paul winston
decides not to shoot him she tells him
about a shortcut that leads to the main
road
paul takes the path and gets lost
there's no road there he starts crying
and falls to the ground in disbelief the
next morning jeff comes out to check the
cabin his eyes can't believe it as he
finds everybody dead at the cabin
he looks at his palm and is shocked to
see that he's got the infection as well
suddenly a bullet hits jeff and kills
him we see winston holding a sniper
nearby the movie ends with the scene of
paul dead in the woods and the police
take in custody all the dead bodies in
an after credit scene a girl is
scrolling through her social media site
when she comes across the posts of karen
there are pictures of the cabin in their
trip the last pictures include the snaps
of her rotten body and paul trying to
put her out of misery
thanks for watching guys